it wasn't that long ago that I actually
thought that this was impossible for me
to do I genuinely thought that hip
internal rotation was mostly up to
genetics and of course your genetics
play a role for instance hip external
rotation came way easier to me than that
so just two things just cuz somebody
shows you their strengths on social
media doesn't mean they're good at
everything and number two just cuz
something is hard doesn't mean you
should avoid it I'd be way more flexible
than I am now if I took that approach
even just one here we go by the way I
have free flexibility ebooks in my bio
check it out if you want to get flexible
so yeah anyway